Prep: 1.48.0 (#4649)
bottlerocket-os/bottlerocket: CHANGELOG.md

# v1.48.0 (2025-09-29)

## Release Highlights

> * Support arguments with a `--` separator in `apiclient exec` subcommand ([bottlerocket-core-kit#647])

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Support passing arguments to `apiclient exec` subcommand with a `--` separator ([bottlerocket-core-kit#647])
```

> * Install `driverdog` for all variants ([bottlerocket-core-kit#656]) - Thanks @fletcherw

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Install `driverdog` for all variants ([bottlerocket-core-kit#656]) - Thanks @fletcherw!
```
